I got married in 2002, around that time I was appointed a ministerial servant and my
wife and I were serving as regular pioneers.
In 2004, we were given the opportunity to serve as special pioneers.
It was something that we really wanted, because we wanted to do more for Jehovah.
So when we got that assignment, we were delighted.
The brothers in the congregation were also very happy for us, but everything did not
go smoothly.
As time went on, I faced some difficult situations.
The fact that I was not appointed as an elder made me feel disappointed.
In one congregation, two brothers who had served as ministerial servants for a shorter
time than I had were appointed as elders.
I felt that those brothers did not have as much experience as I had.
I thought, I am the one with the experience, so why didn't I get appointed?
I started to question my own qualifications, and this made me very sad.
After the two brothers were appointed, I started to dislike them.
I was also angry with them, and the anger even progressed a little toward hatred.
It was a real challenge for me to serve in that congregation.
At any meetings were difficult.
I would go with a heavy heart.
I put a lot of effort into making personal changes, changing my attitude and getting rid
of my negative traits.
I knew that if I did nothing, it was going to affect the worship I give to Jehovah, and
also the relationship with my brothers.
My wife and I could end up completely losing our joy.
In order to make things right, I prayed intensely to Jehovah.
I spent time in deep personal Bible study.
My wife would also find articles about maintaining peace with the brothers, and would give them
to me to read.
She even selected kingdom songs that dealt with maintaining peace, and she would sing them
to me.
I made a lot of changes to my attitude and worked hard to progress as a person whom Jehovah
would approve.
I tried to view my brothers the same way Jehovah did, and to serve him with joy.
I really wanted to give my best to Jehovah and to the brothers.
At the same time, I did not want those wrong thoughts to ever come back into my heart.
The valuable lessons that I have learned is that privileges are not more important.
Rather, it is serving Jehovah that brings genuine happiness.
And now, I am finding real joy and satisfaction in my service to Jehovah.